Hi, girls and guys, how are you?
welcome once again to the channel today
I come to bring you xunta you already know that
Once in a while I like to make you a
tac so you know something more about me and
many times you ask me things
Personal by Facebook or by I know
by hotmail or whatever and so that
You know a little bit more about me because I come
to bring this late payroll tables
one of my subscribers that good
It came through hotmail called that
I loaded the 85 and well then nothing
he said a couple of weeks ago that if he could
make this suit the tag is titled 50
things about me and I thought I had a
series of questions but they are 50 things that
want to say or about me about me
character my tastes some thought
that I have or whatever and well then
I decided to attract oslo after much
think about it because I did not know whether to do it or not
but hey he asked me he asked me
so you know a little more about me
Well I decided to do so nothing
that if you want to know 50 things about me
that maybe you do not know how to stay to see
the video good although you know that my
name is jennifer
I do not like at all that they call me that
I prefer that they call me jr hey or live in
Gijón and I admit that I would not be able to
live in another city the day I was born
According to my mother, it was the only day
throughout the year that snowed in Gijón and
I love snow I've never known
live without animals at home and you know
that I adore them
I am an only child and I never wanted to have
brothers or sisters but now after
of 25 years that are the ones that I have the
truth is that I would like to have a
older sister adores my family but my
mother is the most important thing that I have
I consider my dog my biggest and best
friend I love horror movies and I 'm not
not at all scared about the
movies I hate everything that has to do
with the saga 'twilight' or with any
thing that has to do with vampires not
I like nothing I recognize that I read the
trilogy 50 shades of gray in 6 days and
from the first moment the face of
cristian gray for me was matt bomer the
My body's favorite part are my eyes
I love the reflections of my hair and
I admit that I never had it
friendship for me is one of the things more
important there are
life and I admit that I have not had to
nothing lucky until recently
I am a super mimosa person and I need
same every now and despite
maybe you do not like it I do not like anything
nothing children
I am very stubborn indeed I am
Capricorn but I recognize that if I
I ask forgiveness wrong I am not able to
be silent before an injustice I
boil the blood I am very very jealous and not
I can avoid it when I try something
do not stop until you get it and if you do not
can meet or do not get to get it
at least I have tried one thing
What worries me about my personality is
that there are times when I have hunches
both good and bad that are met
I'm not afraid of almost anything but I have
very much very much panic and very much
afraid of losing the people I want to
that hurt me my maternal grandfather was
for me as a father and there is not a day
that I do not remember him I have the great
lucky to have known for
many years to my childhood idol
what is david civera I love music
but I hate with all my might the
Reggaeton I do not like alcohol or
tobacco
I admit that he has never got me drunk
I recognize that never
and I hate that people around me smoke
or get drunk hate being worried
by a person that I see badly and
I asked what's wrong and he says nothing
I can not stand that I feel proud to day
today what I'm doing with the
channel and with the blog and I feel very but
that very proud of each and every one of
you the channel for me is so so
important that I have come to record
even bad even dizzy with migraine
and whatever it is to not leave you without
a video I've never recorded a video
I do not want to, and I hate to be told what
I record without desire I recognize that I am a
disaster when it comes to organizing place
the room but my corner depot and
It is always one thing as a whistle
that makes me feel super important and
super useful is that they trust me not
I stand for anything not feel displaced
I do not like the people who live
trying to envy others I have
panic to needles to spiders to all
type of insects practically already
snakes a dream that I've had since
small has been bathing among dolphins and
caress a tiger I adore the boxes for
save things I love the color pink
but the black to wear is very strong
I'm not superstitious at all
I always give too much and too much
soon and that plays me very bad tricks
I always give more than I get my
frustrated profession has always been to be
veterinary I hate to see the suffering
animals would have studied history of
art or journalism but because of problems
family members I could not recognize that always
I've bitten my nails until a few
years for a promise I made I like
sing though not in public I'm super
shameful
I love listening to my favorite songs
with closed eyes I cry a lot and with
very easy I love the winter and
my favorite time without any doubt is
Christmas one of the best things that I
has happened has been to open a channel in
youtube because thanks to it I have
known to super important people to
today in my life if someone
I fail I am not able to trust again
in it despite being from real Madrid
As you know, I do not like it at all
click on the contrary
I do not like being pinched and the truth
I'm pretty respectful
thing that they are not with me and finally
I hate being judged without knowing how I am and
Well, nothing girls up here has
arrived the tag of 50 things about me and
I could tell you a lot more things
but I think that
I think with these things you're going to
know much better and nothing that I hope
that you like the video that has
liked little hand up as always
I await all your comments for
here below and nothing that I hope that I
tell what you think about the video that
if you have something in common with me and that
thank you so much for staying there and
I hope that you continue signing the
subscribe and nothing that
thank you very much and see you in the
next video a kissing chao